# Worldwide-Food-Balance-Sheet-Analysis
Explore the relationship between different variables in agriculture and the availability of food supply worldwide.

This is an agricultural data set obtained from the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). Primarily, this data was analyzed to find out what proportions of the food that is grown in various countries worldwide, is going to feed, food, or waste. Feed is the agricultural commodity that is used to feed livestock, which can then benefit the production of meat products. It was interesting to observe whether or not the amount of feed used in agriculture can reflect back in higher food supplies, or higher level of energy supplied (measured in kcal/capita/day). It is also interesting to note whether there is any noticeable change in proportionate amounts to benefit the supply of basic crops such as grains or vegetables, to address the worldwide hunger problem. Further, we would like to see the distribution of fat and protein supplies, as well as the overall food supply to various countries and how these have changed over time. Finally, we would like to answer the questions - which foods are the most highly available and which foods supply the most energy (measured by kcal/capita/day) to the various world regions?

This is an exploratory project and further analyses will need to be performed to dive into predictive and explanatory models, including stronger analyses of the time series component of the data. Please note, that the most recent data set currently available from the FAO is 2013. The FAO has informed that a new dataset will become available at the end of September.
